---
title: "They’re Sold! How We Help our Clients Sell Their Home in a Seller’s Market"
date: 2021-09-23
categories: 
  - "testimonials"
slug_category: "testimonials"
slug: "how-we-help-our-clients-sell-their-home"
---

Mark our words, the history books will read that selling a home during the tail end of 2021 was one of the best decisions eager home sellers ever made. In a seller’s market, such as what we are in now, the decision to part ways with your home comes with the benefit of most likely getting well over the initial asking price at closing. Notably, in a recent article published by [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/04/23/realestate/home-selling.html), their editors sat down with a vetted agent that said, “The market is completely lopsided right now in favor of sellers. Some homes are selling within hours and with multiple offers.” Talk about opportune; If you were looking for a sign to sell, this is it! 

So, what exactly are the factors that contribute to a thriving seller’s market? A recent [Forbes](https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2021/09/02/the-2021-real-estate-market-predictions-for-the-final-quarter/?sh=356dac88690d) article explained, “Three key factors are fueling the current low inventory and high demand for homes, especially in rural and suburban areas. First, even before the pandemic, many millennial families were already leaving cramped quarters in urban areas for suburban and rural locales. Secondly, remote work, which seems here to stay, is expanding where people can live. Finally, buyers who may have once preferred to invest in a new home are increasingly looking at resale options as supply-chain problems continue to hamper the ability of developers to complete projects.”

Many experts are predicting that given the current selling climate more sellers are soon to throw their hat in the ring to get the most buck-for-their-bang, if you will. A contributing author on the [Forbes Real Estate Council](https://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2021/09/02/the-2021-real-estate-market-predictions-for-the-final-quarter/?sh=356dac88690d) noted, “With so many sellers under the impression that this is a great time to sell, it seems likely that more sellers will come out of the woodwork over the coming months. After all, why not see how much you can get for your home in today's hot market, even if you weren't planning to sell?” With all of the buzz of a new home sale intriguing several sellers at once, it is no surprise that while now is a good time to sell, it is also the right time to enlist the help of top-notch real estate professionals. Even in a seller’s market sellers can face quite a challenge. Real estate advisors who sat down with [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/04/23/realestate/home-selling.html) said, “Getting inundated with offers can be overwhelming, and it can make it harder for sellers to choose the best offer.” So, what is the remedy? Simple, getting help from an expert agent at a fair commission by contacting **IDEAL AGENT®.**

Feeling curious what recent sellers are saying about teaming with us to sell in a seller’s market? We thought we’d share what 10 of our clients had to say about partnering with **IDEAL AGENT®** in the last few months and getting over listing price for their home:    

1\. **David received an offer for $25,000 more than the asking price:** “The key to selling your house is getting the right realtor and **IDEAL AGENT®** nailed it. We had a lot of work getting the house ready and staged but it was all worth it when we got an offer for $25,000 over the asking price on the first day on the market. Another plus was that we saved $13,000 in realtor commissions. Thank you to our Client Concierge for helping us through the process and thank you, **IDEAL AGENT®.** “  

**2\. Kia was excited to announce the deal she was able to close on:** “Exceptional service! It was a pleasure working with **IDEAL AGENT®** and their partners. We had a great experience and were able to sell our house above the asking price. Highly recommended and I would like to thank them for their support and professionalism.”

**3\. Lisa says our team was “a dream to work with” in a seller’s market:** “I was so smart to bite the bullet and call **IDEAL AGENT®**. First class service from that first call. I had never sold a house and was scared to death having to deal with all that is involved. My agent was a dream to work with. She explained everything to me every step of the way. The house sold for more than I was expecting and that was in part because her agency is part of **IDEAL AGENT®** and they charge less commission! If you are needing to buy or sell real estate, definitely give **IDEAL AGENT®** a call. You will be so glad you did.” 

4\. **Linda was able to close with $30,000 over asking price:** “Very Satisfied! I was extremely satisfied with **IDEAL AGENT®**. The fact that our Client Concierge checked with us periodically to make sure everything was going well was also a nice benefit. The real estate agent we were referred to was extremely professional and knowledgeable. She had a plan on how to get the most for our house in the least amount of time. The home website she created was top notch and stood out above the other homes. She used a professional photographer which showed in the house website. We sold our house in the first week it was on the market and got $30,000 more than we thought we could before meeting with her. The buyers were kind of difficult to work with, but our agent remained positive and professional throughout the process and told us she would work it out and she did. I would definitely recommend **IDEAL AGENT®** to anyone looking to buy or sell a property.”

5\. **CD said their matched agent not only got them above ask but provided top-notch service:** “Worked with **IDEAL AGENT®** to get a home sold. The process from beginning to end was smooth. The we were referred to was top notch and a real pleasure to work with. **IDEAL AGENT®** Client Concierge followed up throughout the process to make sure everything was going okay. We sold our home for more than asking price and from putting on the market to close was about 1 month. If you work with **IDEAL AGENT®** they will not disappoint you!”

6\. **Charles received an astounding $85,000 more than he paid for a home he purchased the just the year before:** “When we decided to sell our house, we contacted **IDEAL AGENT®** and they hooked us up with a fantastic realtor. We went to Myrtle Beach for a week after we staged our home. The week we were gone our agent showed our house 46 times in 3 days. When we got back our agent told us they had received 25 offers. Every one of them was above our asking price. We sold our house for $85,000 more than we paid for it just a year and a half ago. Everything went very smooth and the realtor **IDEAL AGENT®** paired us with was perfect. We would use **IDEAL AGENT®** again and would highly recommend them to our friends and family. Needless to say, we are very satisfied.”

7\. **This review made us chuckle! Steven received $15,000 over his asking price after only one day in a seller’s market:** “Awesome, Awesome, Awesome! What can I say, sold our home in 1 day for $15,000 over the asking price, if we would not be ecstatic about that then we would be knuckle heads. All credit goes to **IDEAL AGENT®** and the amazing agent they matched me with. He is one of the most professional, honest realtors we have ever worked with. Thanks a million.” 

8\. **Jennifer’s agent got her to the closing table in under 6 days for more than the listing price:** “My agent was incredibly responsive and sold our house in 6 days. We closed on time and sold for $13,000 over the asking price. I would highly recommend **IDEAL AGENT®**!” 

9\. **There’s nothing like a client saying that working with us was one of the best decisions they’ve made. Mitchell had nothing but wonderful things to report about his agent:** “I had no idea how much of a brilliant idea it would be to contact **IDEAL AGENT®** when I first thought about doing it. When I did, our Client Concierge at **IDEAL AGENT®** put me in contact with a realtor and her team in South Florida, which has to be one of the best, if not THE best in that region of United States!! My agent and her team were continuously taking care of one problem after another, time after time, after time. The exceptionally diligent efforts on their part resulted in my property being sold in less than two months and above the asking price!! Don't hesitate, give **IDEAL AGENT®** a call. One of the best decisions I've made in the last year.” 

10\. **Guadalupe received an offer that was $15,000 more than her listing price with the help of her matched agent:** “My agent was a great agent. He was organized and had done his research on our property. He even had the names of the previous owners and how much they paid for the property. In listing the property, he gave us suggestions as to what to do and what to offer the buyer to make the property more appealing. When the offers were made, he reviewed the offer with us and renegotiated a price 10 to 15 thousand higher than the original offer. We were very pleased with the results. We would recommend **IDEAL AGENT®** to our friends.” 

Noticing a trend? Not only are our agent partners top of the line but in a seller’s market, homes don’t stay listed for long. According to [NextAdvisor®](https://time.com/nextadvisor/mortgages/when-is-the-best-time-to-sell-your-house/) a partner of TIME® Magazine, “The uptick in home sales is defying normal seasonality trends. Homes for sale are scarce, and with demand so strong, prices are high. That’s good news for sellers. In the current market, you can expect your home to sell fairly quickly for the asking price, possibly above, and you’re more likely to receive multiple offers.” Are you feeling inspired to sell your home and meet your **IDEAL AGENT®**? We can see why, especially in a seller’s market! Our agent partners are highly experienced in all facets of selling homes from marketing to navigating to a successful closing. 

If you’re like most sellers, you want to make the most when selling your home. **IDEAL AGENT®** was created to net you the most money at closing and at the same time deliver the best home selling experience at a great commission. We carefully select agents that meet the highest standards in the industry, personally interview them, negotiate a great commission (as little as 2%) and in turn send them quality business. You will see zero difference in service than their clients paying 6% to 7%. Our typical agent has 14+ years of experience, closes 100-300 transactions a year, and has a five-star rating. They’re committed professionals at the top of their game who take the time to listen and understand your needs. They’re not people who do real estate part-time or as a hobby. You can count on our agents to guide you through the entire selling process even during the unexpected. They are the professionals you want by your side, especially in a seller’s market!

When you choose to work with **IDEAL AGENT®**, it’s not just about the savings, our home selling strategy attains the best results for selling your home in the shortest amount of time, for top dollar; and most importantly, puts more money in your pocket at the closing table. Rest assured that our service is free to use with no obligation and available anywhere in the United States. Are you ready to learn more about the current seller’s market and meet your **IDEAL AGENT®**? [Call or chat](https://idealagent.com/) with us now to get the best results with a top agent for as little as 2% commission.
