---
title: "How to Stage a Bathroom in 3 Easy Steps"
date: 2022-01-17
categories: 
  - "home-selling"
slug_category: "home-selling"
slug: "staging-bathroom-to-sell"
---

Looking to make a big impact on potential buyers? You may have a stunning living room, impeccable kitchen but if your bathrooms are not up to par, you may lose out on the best offer. Ironing out the nitty-gritty when it comes to staging a bathroom can undoubtedly help you get top dollar at closing. So, let’s get down to the bathroom basics and determine what budget-friendly fixes will help you in the long run.

### **Clean Things Up**

First things first, what makes a bathroom inviting? Cleanliness. Above all else making sure that your bathrooms are spick and span sit right at the very top of our staging tips list. In fact, according to [Homes and Garden](https://www.homesandgardens.com/advice/staging-a-bathroom)s, “Buyers want primarily a relaxing, spa-like feel when they enter a bathroom. When staging a bathroom, cleanliness really is akin to godliness.” You may want to opt for a professional cleaner to make sure that every inch of your bathrooms are perfectly clean and tidy. [Homes and Gardens](https://www.homesandgardens.com/advice/staging-a-bathroom) interviewed Erin Dunlap, a Denver real estate agent and author of the List in Progress blog. Here’s what she had to say, “Showing a pristine bathroom matters more than any other aspect of the staging or design. Put the toilet seat down, especially for photos, and ensure that every speck of dust is wiped away. Glass showers and mirrors should be completely streak-free.'” [MHM Professional Staging](https://professionalstaging.com/staging-tips/how-to-stage-your-bathroom/) agrees writing, “Bathrooms experience a lot of wear and tear from the build-up of water and humidity. This can come in the form of peeling caulk, hard water stains, and mildew. Be sure to freshen up the caulk. It’s inexpensive and simple to apply yourself. Remove stains on the walls, tile, glass, and flooring with a strong cleaning solution. While you are still living there, squeegee glass shower doors after every shower.” Making your bathrooms appear as clean and inviting as a hotel bathroom is the goal.

### **Worth-It Repairs**

But what about the appliances, cabinetry, shower areas, etc.? According to [Realtor®](https://professionalstaging.com/staging-tips/how-to-stage-your-bathroom/) if you have a tub that is in “decent shape”, opting to reglaze the tub instead of replacing it will make it look “brand new” and will only cost you around $1,500 rather than the thousands you will spend replacing the tub and having it professionally installed. However, when it comes to a sink, that might be an upgrade to sink your teeth into. According to [Realtor®](https://professionalstaging.com/staging-tips/how-to-stage-your-bathroom/), “Face washing, teeth brushing. . . your sink sees a lot of use. It’s also the very first thing a buyer notices in a bathroom. A great-looking vanity is also a smart upgrade when considering a bathroom remodel. Step 1 for getting the most bang for your buck is a new, contemporary sink. It will set you back a few hundred dollars and make all the difference.”  Speaking of sinks now might also be a great time to invest in a double vanity if you don’t already have one. [Realtor®](https://professionalstaging.com/staging-tips/how-to-stage-your-bathroom/) interviewed Will Johnson, a real estate agent and founder of the Sell and Stage Team who explained that his clients “won’t buy a house simply because there’s only one sink in the master bathroom.” Even if you have a small bathroom, strive for this two-sink option. Make sure that any additional light fixtures or hardware is modern and updated. You may want to consider using chrome instead of dated materials such as bronze.

### **Less is More When it Comes to Decor**

Now that you’ve deep cleaned and made any repairs, what about the décor? Focus on neutral color schemes, i.e. whites, creams, beiges. Eliminate any bright colors in your cabinetry, tile, lighting, etc. [MHM Professional Staging](https://professionalstaging.com/staging-tips/how-to-stage-your-bathroom/) writes, “since you want your home to appeal to the masses, it’s best to get rid of any bright colors. This includes brightly colored tile and architectural elements. When repainting cabinets choose white or a pleasant neutral. You don’t want future buyers thinking about how much it will cost to make their desired changes. Neutralizing the bathroom will ease their concerns. A small investment in paint could result in faster sales and more money.” [They](https://professionalstaging.com/staging-tips/how-to-stage-your-bathroom/) also write, “Although you don’t want your bathroom to look abandoned, it’s also important to remove any signs of someone else using it. People view bathrooms as personal and private spaces. Make sure to declutter and put away all personal items. Hide your toiletries including make-up, perfume, toothpaste, and toothbrushes. Remove hanging robes and clothes. Hide your dirty laundry hamper in a closet. Be sure to keep the toilet seat lid closed when showing your home.”

### Get Expert Advice

Looking for a little extra help making sure your home is at its best before listing? Worry not! During your home walk-through, your [IDEAL AGENT](https://idealagent.com/) will provide some expert insight and get you to the closing table maximizing your profits!
